1.Question 1
Select wh ich of the following best describes the Security Mindset
Ans:Always thinking about ways a system or a scheme can be broken, compromised, bypassed or be tricked into leaking information
2.Question 2
Select which of the following best describes thinking orthogonally (same as thinking unconventionally
Ans:When problem solving, turning your perspective 90 degrees can help give you a new view (or approach) to solving a problem, and may help you uncover weaknesses in your security scheme
3.Question 3
Symmetric encryption techniques use the same key for encryption and decryption. True or false?
Ans:True
4.Question 4
Asymmetric encryption techniques use 2 keys, 1 for encryption and 1 for decryption (or visa-versa). True or false?
Ans:True
5.Question 5
Fill in the blank. AES-ECB mode has a weakness. When a person uses AES-ECB mode it can __________________ information
Ans:leak
6.Question 6
Select an AES mode that addresses the weakness of AES-ECB mode
Ans:XTS
7.Question 7
Which of the following algorithms can be used to securely exchange keys between 2 devices
Ans:Diffie-Hellman
8.Question 8
A hash function can be used for checking the integrity of a piece of data, and a MAC can be used to check the integrity and authenticity of a piece of data. True or false?
Ans:True
9.Question 9
Select the diagram that best depicts a scheme for securely updating FW on a remote device and addresses security, integrity and authentication
Ans:Option A
10.Question 10
When designing and building a device which will exist in remote locations, where is the best place to store critical security parameters like shared secret keys and private keys?
Ans:On-chip eFuse or an on-chip ROM (i.e. an immutable place/media)
11.Question 11
Select the best answer that describes what a nonce is
Ans:
12.Question 12
Select the best answer that describes how to defeat a replay attack
Ans:Append a nonce to a transmitted message (or command), and increment the nonce after transmission and successful reception of a message
13.Question 13
Select the answer that best describes what a “Man in the middle” attack is
Ans:A person that inserts themself within an insecure communication channel and pretends to be the parties at both ends of a communication exchange
14.Question 14
We studied the notion that security must be built into a system from the very beginning and never “added on” at the end of a project. As a software/firmware code developer, select the best approach which will lead to a good security implementation
Ans:Range check all inputs that come from or are derived from outside the system, and use standard security algorithms - don’t invent your own encryption algorithm, as an example. Address accessibility of all ports (USB, UART etc.) into and out-of the system - require authentication in order to use a port on a system. And lastly continuously apply the security mindset.
15.Question 15
A chain of trust starts with a numerical value (a public key for example), stored in an immutable location and therefore trusted. This trusted information can then be used to derive trust for subsequent pieces of information (executable code for example). True or false?
Ans:True
16.Question 16
Don Matthews notable quote is “Security through obscurity is not security”. True or false?
Ans:True
17.Question 17
In the future when you hear someone at your company say something about security similar to “We’re the only ones that could ever figure this out.” Or “Only we have the ability to do this.” These generally are true statements because these people have been working in the security field for a long time and know what they are talking about. Are these statements (mindsets) generally true or false?
Ans:False
18.Question 18
Government organizations within the United States have published numerous security documents known as Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) and Special Publications (SP800-XXX). True or false?
Ans:True





